Use release-plz to verify semver for published crates (#465)
ScuffleCloud/scuffle: crates/bootstrap/README.md

<!-- cargo-sync-rdme rustdoc [[ -->
A utility crate for creating binaries.

> Refer to [`Global`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/0.1.4/scuffle_bootstrap/global/trait.Global.html), [`Service`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/0.1.4/scuffle_bootstrap/service/trait.Service.html), and [`main`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/0.1.4/scuffle_bootstrap/macro.main.html) for more information.

Reviewer: Instead of having to update the number each time, set it to be `latest`.
ex:
```suggestion
Refer to [`Global`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/latest/scuffle_bootstrap/global/trait.Global.html), [`Service`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/latest/scuffle_bootstrap/service/trait.Service.html), and [`main`](https://docs.rs/scuffle-bootstrap/latest/scuffle_bootstrap/macro.main.html) for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: this is automatically changed via the readme sync i dont update these.

Reviewer: Oh I see, that's fine then
